Rather than going back to the secret message tab we've been working on,
I wanted to show you something that I think you might enjoy.
Truffle has a lot of cool features,
and along with that, they also have a lot of supporting tools you can use.
One of these tools is known as a Truffle Box.
Truffle boxes are helpful boilerplates that can get
you up and running with the Truffle environment as quickly as possible.
As you saw before, "Truffle in it" is one way to start a blank environment.
But Truffle Boxes come along with the full DApp that you can use to experiment with.
For example, the first one I ever did was the Pet Shop DApp.
You can find that here. It's a quick way to get up and running with the simple Pet Shop.
By clicking on the Truffle Box,
they'll show you how to get started,
and by clicking on the tutorial,
you'll see a really well-prepared set of
documentation that walks you through the creation,
testing, and deployment of your own Pet Shop.
What's great about this and other tutorials is that,
yes you can mess around with the look, feel,
and functionality of the DApp,
but with a little creativity you can
turn these DApps into something completely different.
For example, this Pet Shop allows you to adopt from a list of pets,
but if you think about it that's a feature
that lets you claim ownership over anything at all.
By replacing some images,
and a few lines of code,
you can have yourself in online card shop,
a clothing store, or even a music company.
Another box I personally like is the tutorial token,
which helps you build your very own tokens.
Aside from that, there's boxes that helped get you up and running
with full-stack applications using different frameworks.
Are you a fan of React?
There's a box for that here.
There's actually a ton of boxes for React you can try.
I've found a few for Vue.js too,
but I don't see that many for Angular yet.
There's also a box for drizzle,
another tool in the Truffle suite.
I honestly haven't experimented with this much myself,
but if you find it useful,
it'd be really cool to hear about it.
Here's a practice I think it would be really valuable for you to try.
It was definitely helpful for me.
Try the Pet Shop DApp,
and at that point you'll have a full-stack DApp that you can launch to the test network.
Then, take a different simple DApp.
In your case, maybe the theorem secret message DApp.
From there, strip out all the features specific to a pet shop,
and replace it with the functionality of the secret message DApp.
What you'll end up with is a DApp that you can deploy from
Truffle with the added functionality of the pet shop,
and you'll have an understanding of how the pieces
fit together to make something entirely your own.
Honestly, building this combo DApp is
exactly what I was going to make this concept about originally.
What I found though, is that by doing it myself,
I learned a ton more,
got to explore things in new ways,
and ended up with something I was really happy with.
Well, I'm not walking you through the process here.
I'm really hoping that this gives you the opportunity to
dive into the details you may have overlooked otherwise,
and helps you become an even better developer because of it.
Remember, along the way,
you can always check out their docs,
tutorials, blog, and community,
to help you as you get started.
Finally, to wrap things up,
there's one more thing I wanted to mention.
Keep an eye out for the Truffle five beta.
I placed a link below to its documentation,
and you can get up and running with it right now if you'd like.
I started using it myself, and I think it's great.
I didn't introduce it earlier because you're not yet going to find
a ton of resources available to help you get started.
Almost all the tutorials online aren't using this version because it's still pretty new.
But if you'd like to get ahead of everyone,
you can jump in now, and see which of these features they have that interest you.
Hopefully you see this as a great chance to learn more about Truffle.
We'll be using this a lot more in the future,
and I'm excited to see what you end up building with it.